README.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Zendesk Garden Jekyll Theme
auto_title: false
---

# jekyll-theme-zendesk-garden

A Jekyll theme using Zendesk Garden design patterns.

This is was initially possible thanks to the following awesome libraries:

- [`jekyll-postcss` plugin](https://github.com/mhanberg/jekyll-postcss)
- [`tailwindcss` as a PostCSS plugin](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation#add-tailwind-as-a-post-css-plugin)
- [zendeskgarden/tailwindcss](https://github.com/zendeskgarden/tailwindcss)

> Note: Those have since been removed and any relevant CSS directly included.

## Usage

### GitHub Pages

Define a `_config.yml` file in your GitHub pages directory and specify this remote theme:

```yaml
remote_theme: zendesk/jekyll-theme-zendesk-garden@main
```

[Full Documentation](https://zendesk.github.io/jekyll-theme-zendesk-garden/)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome [on GitHub](https://github.com/zendesk/jekyll-theme-zendesk-garden).
This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are
expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

Copyright 2021 Zendesk

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

feat: use new simple-jekyll template

README.md, after:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://saythanks.io/to/wild-flame)

# jekyll-simple

## simple
simple is a theme designed for blogger using static site generator like jekyll, Hexo etc.

Especially for those who writes in both Chinese and English. The font-type setting looks really good when writers use Chinese mixed with English.

Supposedly, this could work with Japanese as well but never had a chance to try.

## Story behind this theme

It has been long that using font with Chinese in web was a tedious and time-consuming work. It would be almost impossible to make different OS or devices to look the same.

iOS 9 has pulished some new fonts in Chinese and I decided to make one theme that looks good on iOS devices, at the same time, making it acceptable on computers using other fonts.

So mobile goes first, then the macOS.

## ^-^

You can click the button [Say Thanks!](https://saythanks.io/to/wild-flame) at the first of README if you use/like my project. :D

Thanks you guys, I got a lot of thanks from people.

- [ryan](https://saythanks.io/note/a9a342ba-e9aa-4707-b169-05b6ae49757d)
- [Daniel Moore](https://saythanks.io/note/da81706c-8884-4dbc-89b0-eed242ac3b19) and feel free to visit his work [border quiz](http://danielmoore.us/borders-quiz?singapore-planning-areas)
- [David Laing](https://saythanks.io/note/fb5d24eb-3be8-4f92-842b-c6dd7ce4c239)
- [Meg](https://saythanks.io/note/6d56e228-e17c-4641-9524-9f9fd6205068)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4491950/53502929-0d375880-3aea-11e9-9ce1-13eba2ec4643.png)

- And more

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4491950/53502875-e1b46e00-3ae9-11e9-97e4-d70d038a36e9.png)
